doc: document forc-client forc-wallet interactions (#2656)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/forc_client.md

# forc-client

Forc plugin for interacting with a Fuel node.

## Signing transactions using `forc-wallet` CLI

To submit the transactions created by `forc deploy` or `forc run`, you need to sign them first (unless you are using a client without utxo validation). To sign a transaction you can use `forc-wallet` CLI. This section is going to walk you through the whole signing process.

> To install `forc-wallet` please refer to `forc-wallet`'s [github repo](https://github.com/FuelLabs/forc-wallet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install `forc-wallet` please refer to `forc-wallet`'s [github repo](https://github.com/FuelLabs/forc-wallet#forc-wallet).
```

perhaps link it to the README so that clicking on the link jumps to that section

> 1. Construct the transaction by using either `forc deploy` or `forc run`. To do so simply run `forc deploy` or `forc run` with desired parameters. For a list of parameters please refer to [forc-deploy](./forc_deploy) or [forc-run](./forc_run) section of the book. Once you run any of them, you will be asked the address of the wallet you are going to be signing with. After the address is given the transaction will be generated and you will be given a transaction ID. At this point CLI will actively wait for you to insert the signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Construct the transaction by using either `forc deploy` or `forc run`. To do so simply run `forc deploy` or `forc run` with your desired parameters. For a list of parameters please refer to [forc-deploy](./forc_deploy) or [forc-run](./forc_run) section of the book. Once you run any of them, you will be asked the address of the wallet you are going to be signing with. After the address is given the transaction will be generated and you will be given a transaction ID. At this point CLI will actively wait for you to insert the signature.
```

2. Take the transaction ID generated in the first step and sign it with `forc wallet sign <transaction_id> <account_index>`. This will generate a signature.
3. Take the signature generated in the second step and provide it to `forc-deploy` (or `forc-run`). Once the signature is provided, the signed transaction will be submitted.

## Initializing the wallet and adding accounts

If you don't have an initialized wallet or any account for your wallet you won't be able to sign transactions.

To initialize a wallet you can use `forc wallet init`. It will ask you to choose a password to encrypt your wallet. After the initialization is done you will have your mnemonic phrase.

After you have an initialized wallet, you can create an account for it by simply running `forc wallet new`. It will ask your password to decrypt the wallet before creating an account.

## Other useful commands of `forc-wallet`

> 1. You can see a list of your already created accounts by running `forc wallet list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can see a list of existing accounts by running `forc wallet list`.
```

Reviewer: Also, you can also possibly format this 'other useful commands' section similar to the Quickstart section, where there's a short description followed by the command wrapped in the `sh` block. That way readers can click to copy the command. This is just a minor suggestion though!

# forc-client

Forc plugin for interacting with a Fuel node.

## Signing transactions using `forc-wallet` CLI

> To submit the transactions created by `forc deploy` or `forc run`, you need to sign them first (unless you are using a client without utxo validation). To sign a transaction you can use `forc-wallet` CLI. This section is going to walk you through the whole signing process.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph mentions UTXO validation being disabled.
My initial reaction is "what is that? am I using that? how do I check? should I be using that?" etc. There should be a hyperlink here to some relevant page which explains what this is so that a user knows what the default state is and whether they want this enabled or disabled.

Author: I couldn't find any written document describing UTXO validation so added a short note section.

To install `forc-wallet` please refer to `forc-wallet`'s [github repo](https://github.com/FuelLabs/forc-wallet#forc-wallet).

> 1. Construct the transaction by using either `forc deploy` or `forc run`. To do so simply run `forc deploy` or `forc run` with your desired parameters. For a list of parameters please refer to [forc-deploy](./forc_deploy) or [forc-run](./forc_run) section of the book. Once you run any of them, you will be asked the address of the wallet you are going to be signing with. After the address is given the transaction will be generated and you will be given a transaction ID. At this point CLI will actively wait for you to insert the signature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Construct the transaction by using either `forc deploy` or `forc run`. To do so simply run `forc deploy` or `forc run` with your desired parameters. For a list of parameters please refer to the [forc-deploy](./forc_deploy) or [forc-run](./forc_run) section of the book. Once you run either command you will be asked the address of the wallet you are going to be signing with. After the address is given the transaction will be generated and you will be given a transaction ID. At this point CLI will actively wait for you to insert the signature.
```

2. Take the transaction ID generated in the first step and sign it with `forc wallet sign <transaction_id> <account_index>`. This will generate a signature.
3. Take the signature generated in the second step and provide it to `forc-deploy` (or `forc-run`). Once the signature is provided, the signed transaction will be submitted.

> ## Initializing the wallet and adding accounts

Reviewer 2: The sections for signing and initializing should be flipped. The first section a new user should see is how to initialize rather than how to sign. The signing should then build upon the context of a newly created wallet

If you don't have an initialized wallet or any account for your wallet you won't be able to sign transactions.

To initialize a wallet you can use `forc wallet init`. It will ask you to choose a password to encrypt your wallet. After the initialization is done you will have your mnemonic phrase.

After you have an initialized wallet, you can create an account for it by simply running `forc wallet new`. It will ask your password to decrypt the wallet before creating an account.

## Other useful commands of `forc-wallet`

- You can see a list of existing accounts with `list` command.

```sh

> `forc wallet list`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
forc wallet list
```

```

- If you want to retrieve the address for an account by its index you can use `account` command.

```sh

>  `forc wallet account <account_index>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
forc wallet account <account_index>
```

Forc plugin for interacting with a Fuel node.

## Initializing the wallet and adding accounts

If you don't have an initialized wallet or any account for your wallet you won't be able to sign transactions.

To initialize a wallet you can use `forc wallet init`. It will ask you to choose a password to encrypt your wallet. After the initialization is done you will have your mnemonic phrase.

After you have an initialized wallet, you can create an account for it by simply running `forc wallet new`. It will ask your password to decrypt the wallet before creating an account.

## Signing transactions using `forc-wallet` CLI

To submit the transactions created by `forc deploy` or `forc run`, you need to sign them first (unless you are using a client without UTXO validation). To sign a transaction you can use `forc-wallet` CLI. This section is going to walk you through the whole signing process.

> > Disabling the UTXO validation, enables to send invalid inputs to emulate different conditions and by default `fuel-core` runs without UTXO validation. This means while your client is running without UTXO validation, you can run unsigned transactions. If you want to run `fuel-core` with UTXO validation, you can pass `--utxo-validation` to `fuel-core run`. If UTXO valdiation is enabled, unsigned transactions will return an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `fuel-core` runs without UTXO validation, which means you can run unsigned transactions. This allows you to send invalid inputs to emulate different conditions.

If you want to run `fuel-core` with UTXO validation, you can pass `--utxo-validation` to `fuel-core run`. If UTXO validation is enabled, unsigned transactions will return an error.
```

I think re-ordering this will help better contextualize the role of `fuel-core` here, if that was your goal
